feat: pebbleds profile and plugin (#10530)
ipfs/kubo: docs/config.md

- You want to minimize memory usage.
- You are ok with the default speed of data import, or prefer to use `--nocopy`.

> [!WARNING]
> This profile may only be applied when first initializing the node via `ipfs init --profile flatfs`

> [!NOTE]
> See caveats and configuration options at [`datastores.md#flatfs`](datastores.md#flatfs)

### `pebbleds` profile

Configures the node to use the pebble high-performance datastore.

Pebble is a LevelDB/RocksDB inspired key-value store focused on performance and internal usage by CockroachDB.
You should use this datastore if:

- You need a datastore that is focused on performance.
- You need reliability by default, but may choose to disable WAL for maximum performance when reliability is not critical.
- This datastore is good for multi-terrabyte data sets.

> - May benefit from tuning depeending on read/write patterns and throughput.
> - Performance is helped significnatly by running on a system with plenty of memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- May benefit from tuning depending on read/write patterns and throughput.
- Performance is helped significantly by running on a system with plenty of memory.
```
